Prompting language models (LMs) with training examples and task descriptions has been seen as critical to recent successes in few-shot learning. In this work, we show that finetuning LMs in the few-shot setting can considerably reduce the need for prompt engineering. In fact, one can use null prompts, prompts that contain neither task-specific templates nor training examples, and achieve competitive accuracy to manually-tuned prompts across a wide range of tasks. While finetuning LMs does introduce new parameters for each downstream task, we show that this memory overhead can be substantially reduced-finetuning only the bias terms can achieve comparable or better accuracy than standard finetuning while only updating 0.1% of the parameters. All in all, we recommend finetuning LMs for few-shot learning as it is more accurate, has relatively stable performance across different prompts, and can be made nearly as efficient as using frozen LMs.
Prompt engineering is a relatively new discipline that refers to the practice of developing and optimizing prompts to effectively utilize large language models, particularly in natural language processing tasks. However, not many writers and researchers are familiar about this discipline. Hence, in this paper, I aim to highlight the significance of prompt engineering for academic writers and researchers, particularly the fledgling, in the rapidly evolving world of artificial intelligence. I also discuss the concepts of prompt engineering, large language models, and the techniques and pitfalls of writing prompts. Here, I contend that by acquiring prompt engineering skills, academic writers can navigate the changing landscape and leverage large language models to enhance their writing process. As artificial intelligence continues to advance and penetrate the arena of academic writing, prompt engineering equips writers and researchers with the essential skills to effectively harness the power of language models. This enables them to confidently explore new opportunities, enhance their writing endeavors, and remain at the forefront of utilizing cutting-edge technologies in their academic pursuits.
Generative text-to-image models have gained great popularity among the public for their powerful capability to generate high-quality images based on natural language prompts. However, developing effective prompts for desired images can be challenging due to the complexity and ambiguity of natural language. This research proposes PromptMagician, a visual analysis system that helps users explore the image results and refine the input prompts. The backbone of our system is a prompt recommendation model that takes user prompts as input, retrieves similar prompt-image pairs from DiffusionDB, and identifies special (important and relevant) prompt keywords. To facilitate interactive prompt refinement, PromptMagician introduces a multi-level visualization for the cross-modal embedding of the retrieved images and recommended keywords, and supports users in specifying multiple criteria for personalized exploration. Two usage scenarios, a user study, and expert interviews demonstrate the effectiveness and usability of our system, suggesting it facilitates prompt engineering and improves the creativity support of the generative text-to-image model.Generative text-to-image models have gained great popularity among the public for their powerful capability to generate high-quality images based on natural language prompts. However, developing effective prompts for desired images can be challenging due to the complexity and ambiguity of natural language. This research proposes PromptMagician, a visual analysis system that helps users explore the image results and refine the input prompts. The backbone of our system is a prompt recommendation model that takes user prompts as input, retrieves similar prompt-image pairs from DiffusionDB, and identifies special (important and relevant) prompt keywords. To facilitate interactive prompt refinement, PromptMagician introduces a multi-level visualization for the cross-modal embedding of the retrieved images and recommended keywords, and supports users in specifying multiple criteria for personalized exploration. Two usage scenarios, a user study, and expert interviews demonstrate the effectiveness and usability of our system, suggesting it facilitates prompt engineering and improves the creativity support of the generative text-to-image model.
Reducing heath care costs is an important issue in Japan. The aim of this study was to analyze the contribution of oral health to health care costs and to predict health care costs by statistical modeling. Data from 46 individuals (29 men and 17 women; mean age of 44.6 +/- 1.7 years) on health care costs, dental health care costs, and the results of the salivary levels of lactate dehydrogenase (LD) over two years were provided by the association. Multilayer perceptron neural networks were applied to predict the health care costs from data from the previous year and included health care costs, dental health care costs, and salivary levels of LD. Nonlinear relationships were observed between medical health care costs, dental health care costs, and periodontal conditions. The health care costs from the previous year were the most important predictor of health care costs. The simulation results showed that health care costs decreased with the increase in dental health care costs from the previous year. Health care costs increased with increasing salivary levels of LD from the previous year. Improvements in periodontal conditions and dental health care may play some roles in reducing health care costs.
Population health care is health information and clinical services provided to individuals of a defined population. From a population health care perspective, quality of care involves the health status of the entire population, and thus issues of access, cost of care, and efficiency matter. In this paper, we describe the definitions of quality health care and the framework for measuring quality, with emphasis on the performance of organizations involved in the delivery and assurance of population health care. We describe quality measurement sets and systems, criteria for the choice of measures, data sources, and how quality measurements are used to improve health care and outcomes from a population health care perspective.
Objective. To assess the prevalence of unmet health care demands among rheumatoid arthritis (RA) patients, and to determine if these unmet demands indicate underuse. Methods. A total of 679 patients with RA participated in a questionnaire survey and clinical examination. Unmet health care demands and health care use were assessed for orthopedic care, allied health care, home care, and psychosocial care. Indications for underuse were determined by comparing health outcomes of patients with unmet health care demands and of health care users. Results. Of the 679 patients, 28.7% had an unmet demand for 1 of the 4 services: 13.4% for allied health care, 9.7% for orthopedic care, 9.4% for home care, and 6.2% for psychosocial care. Underuse of allied health care, home care and psychosocial care was observed. Conclusion. Unmet demands for health care are frequent among RA patients. Most unmet demands indicate underuse. Health care professionals should therefore be more responsive to the demands of patients.
The a.c. Josephson effect is perhaps the most striking manifestation of long-range phase coherence (broken gauge symmetry) in superconductors. Superconductivity in which gauge symmetry is broken in combination with one or more additional symmetries of the normal metallic state (unconventional superconductivity) may also occur. We discuss the Josephson effect for several models of an unconventional superconductor in contact with a conventional superconductor. An unconventional order parameter leads to qualitative changes in the current-phase relation which could be detected with a SQUID in which one arm of the interferometer is an unconventional superconductor. We also compare the current-phase relation for a tunnel junction with that of a weak-link connecting a conventional and unconventional superconductor. Selection rules for unconventional order parameters which enforce zero supercurrent in a tunnel junction are not relevant for weak-links connecting the same unconventional and conventional superconductor. We discuss the the a..c. Josephson effect for several popular models of unconventional superconductivity relevant to the CuO and heavy fermion superconductors.
There are several novel properties in tunneling effects in the d-wave superconductors which are not expected in the conventional s-wave superconductors. Zero-bias conductance peaks in a normal metal/insulator/d-wave superconductors are one of the representative phenomena and widely expected for various unconventional superconductors.
Applying the finite element method to the Ginzburg-Landau equation, we developed a numerical method that calculated superconducting states and magnetic field distributions for the composite structures of the high-T-c superconductor and the conventional superconductor in arbitrary geometries. We show spontaneous magnetic flux appears at the corner of the boundary of these two superconductors. Also we propose high-T-c superconducting dot embedded in conventional superconductors, which is named as d-dot, and show the spatial distribution of superconducting order parameters and the magnetic field for several d-dots. (C) 2004 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.